Documentation for A11y testing (#683)
chromaui/chromatic-docs: src/content/accessibilityTests/accessibility-configure.md

  component: RestaurantCard,
  parameters: {
    a11y: {
      config: {
        rules: [
          {
            id: "minimum-paragraph-length",
            selector: "p",
            impact: "critical",
            all: ["paragraph-minimum-text"],
            any: [],
            none: [],
            metadata: {
              description: "Ensures paragraphs have meaningful content",
              help: "Paragraphs should contain at least 5 characters",
            },
          },
        ],
        checks: [
          {
            id: "paragraph-minimum-text",
            evaluate: function evaluate(node: HTMLParagraphElement) {
              const textContent = node.textContent?.trim();
              return textContent && textContent.length > 0
                ? textContent.length > 50
                : false;
            },
          },
        ],
      },
    },
  },
} satisfies Meta<typeof RestaurantCard>;

export default meta;

type Story = StoryObj<typeof meta>;

export const Default: Story = {
  args: {
    ...restaurants[0],
    name: "Burger Kingdom",
  },
} satisfies Story;
```

## Disable accessibility tests

### Both in Storybook and Chromatic

> For Storybook 8+, use the [a11y global](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-tests/accessibility-testing#turn-off-automated-a11y-tests) to disable accessibility tests for a story and/or component, both in Storybook and Chromatic.

Reviewer: This link is incorrect, it should be the following:
```suggestion
For Storybook 8+, use the [a11y global](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-tests/accessibility-testing#disable-automated-checks) to disable accessibility tests for a story and/or component, both in Storybook and Chromatic.
```

```tsx title="MyComponent.stories.ts|tsx"
// Adjust this import to match your framework (e.g., nextjs, vue3-vite)
import type { Meta, StoryObj } from "@storybook/your-framework";
import { MyComponent } from "./MyComponent";

const meta: Meta<typeof MyComponent> = {
  component: MyComponent,
};

export default meta;
type Story = StoryObj<typeof MyComponent>;

export const NonA11yStory: Story = {
  globals: {
    a11y: {
      // This option disables all automatic a11y checks on this story
      manual: true,
    },
  },
} satisfies Story;
```

<div class="aside">

For older versions of Storybook, use [a11y parameter](https://storybook.js.org/docs/7/writing-tests/accessibility-testing#how-to-disable-a11y-tests) instead.

</div>

### Only in Chromatic

> To disable Accessibility Tests only within Chromatic you can use the [`chromatic.disableSnapshot` parameter](https://www.chromatic.com/docs/disable-snapshots/#with-storybook). Note, this will also disable visual tests for this story and/or component.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be the following link to align with the rest of the documentation? I don't see any reason why we should have the full URL
```suggestion
To disable Accessibility Tests only within Chromatic you can use the [`chromatic.disableSnapshot` parameter](/docs/disable-snapshots/#with-storybook). Note, this will also disable visual tests for this story and/or component.
```
